Reworked README (#6)
staticintlucas/Goldfish: README.md

[Changelog]: docs/Changelog.md
[Schematic]: docs/Schematic.pdf
[Preview]: docs/Preview.png
[Vendors]: docs/Vendors.md
[PCB]: cad

[Green Pro Micro]: http://www.40percent.club/2017/09/green-pro-micro.html
[License]: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/

[Alvaro]: https://github.com/Ariamelon/Alvaro
[Comet]: https://github.com/vattern/comet
[Elite-C]: https://keeb.io/products/elite-c-low-profile-version-usb-c-pro-micro-replacement-atmega32u4

> [Goldfish-clone-JLCPCB]: https://github.com/JeremyJStarcher/Goldfish-clone-JLCPCB

Reviewer: Can you move these links to the bottom of the file? The Markdown source reads much better that way

<!----------------------------------------------------------------------------->

# Goldfish

> This **Pro Micro** compatible board designed for use in `Mechanical Keyboards`, <br>
> based on the same `ATMega32U4` chip and programmable using the **Arduino IDE** <br>
> or a keyboard specific firmware such as `TMK` or `QMK`.

Reviewer: Couple of things here:
* Please don't put parts of the sentence in **bold** or `code`, it makes it weird to read
* Don't use a HTML `<br>`, let GitHub's line wrap do it's thing
* I would split this into two sentences. I think it's a bit too long to work as one

```suggestion
Goldfish is a Pro Micro compatible board designed for use in mechanical keyboards.
It is based on the same ATMega32U4 chip and is programmable using the Arduino IDE or a keyboard specific firmware such as TMK or QMK.
```

![Preview]

> *Of course it is perfectly usable for any other electronics projects as well.*

Reviewer: Can you move this sentence above the preview image?

---

> **⸢ [PCB] ⸥ ⸢ [Schematic] ⸥ ⸢ [Vendors] ⸥ ⸢ [Changelog] ⸥**

Reviewer: Please keep Vendors and Changelog in the README, not as separate files. The README isn't *that* long and I would prefer these to be visible on the GitHub project page

---

## Advantages

- ***Lower board profile*** with the mid-mounted `USB-C` connector.

- Two internal pins make the **USB** data lines easily accessible.

- `USB-C` is more ***durable***, ***reversible*** and just *plain cool*.

- `5` additional pins on the underside of the board.

- Pin-compatible with the original **Pro Micro**.

> - ***Sturdier*** through-hole **USB** connector.

Reviewer: Same thing I said earlier about excessive **bold** and `code` in sentences.

Also please use single spacing for the bullet points. It ends up being a bit more compact when rendered by GitHub, which I think looks better

---

## Disadvantages

- Less choice for custom cables for `USB-C` compared to `Mini-B` / `Micro-B`.

- More ***expensive***, *depending on order quantity*.

- No onboard `Voltage Regulator`

  *This is irrelevant for keyboards.* <br>
  *External power supplies of `> 5.5V` require one.*

- No onboard `RX`, `TX`, `LEDs`.

---

## Known Issues

- `Rev 0` | `Rev A`:

  **Fixed:** `Rev B`

  Same problem as the **[Green Pro Micro]**, <br>
  making it unsuitable for `Split Keyboards`.

---

## License

**[Creative Commons Attribution Share-Alike 4.0 License][License]**.

**⤷** Original `Arduino Mini` design by **Team Arduino**. <br>
**⤷** Arduino `Pro Mini` design by **Spark Fun Electronics**. <br>
**⤷** `Pro Micro` design by **Spark Fun Electronics**. <br>

> **⤷** `Goldfish` design by **Dr Derivative**.

Reviewer: Please stick with regular bullet points here
